help=Here are the basics: This gentleman is the famous Mr. Sherlock Holmes. Don't let his slight smirk fool you, he is in a particularly bad mood, since recently there were no cases to stimulate that highly trained scientific mind of his. If you try to start a conversation about anything unconnected to a new, startling crime he will probably only laugh scornfully. He can, however tell fortunes: Enter 'ask fortune' for an example of his wit. But he needs some task to lessen his ennui - which, incidentally, you are going to provide. Type 'start game' and he will tell you why you have come.
start game=Mr. Sherlock Holmes: 'Ah, Constable Painting I presume, come from Sussex - don't stare man, I observed the label on your hat when you took it off just now.' He waves you into a chair. 'And I would be a poor investigator indeed if I were to miss the not too subtle signs that tell me you are the young police officer that Inspector Lestrade sent to me to recieve some training in the art of detection. You want me to train you, then?'
yes=Mr. Sherlock Holmes: 'Very well. I wouldn't do it if it wasn't for Watson's constantly expressed wish that I find something to occupy myself with. I expect that you will not prove to be a slow student. Now, Constable, don't waste my time with idle questions: Your first task is to look up some particulars for me, while I work on my new monograph entitled 'A Study in Crimes'. This will most assuredly serve to broaden your horizon. So go and find for me the illness which the doctors proclaimed to be the cause of death of the children of Mrs. Mary Ann Cotton, before it was found out to be arsenic poisoning. Don't look so baffled, go!'
gastric fever=Mr Sherlock Holmes: 'Correct. Now I recall it. Well then, go over to your fellows of the Metropolian Police Station and find me the name of that Inspector who was found drowned after going missing on duty in suspicious circumstances at Hampton Court... I believe it was in 1893, shortly before I came back from the dead, therefore my scrap books provide very little information about this period.'
George Henry Dixon=Mr. Sherlock Holmes: 'Splendid. And yes these are bullet holes adorning the wall. I observed how your eyes seemed drawn to them. I practised my aim there once, to the horror of Mrs. Hudson I might add. Are you aware of the meaning of the initials?'
Victoria Regina=Mr.Sherlock Holmes: 'Ah, yes our most glorious queen. You have never been in London before, Constable. No, that was not a question. You should get familiar with it if you want to be a good police officer. So, go to Oxford street and the Strand. Look around, observe. While this is invaluable to one's training in itself I have another task for you, while you are there: When you return be so good as to tell me the last names of the two owners of the Pantheon.'
